Create quiz system game.Name of the quiz game is NERDS ARENA. It will have 5 topics. Use file handling Basic OOP. Set difficulty level with timer ( Easy=15 seconds, Medium= 10 seconds, Hard=5 seconds). Make the game multiplayer in a way that one player comes, enter his/her full name. A menu will be displayed asking the player to choose in 5 topics ( which i give you ) , exit, or view leaderboard. If the player chooses any topic of quiz. Take the player to that quiz section and open that topics mcq bank and generate random 20 mcqs of that topic. Each mcq will have 4 options and each correct mcq will be off 10 marks. When a player answers a correct mcq add 10 marks in the players score, and store it in leaderboard by his name. Display only the highest marks of the player on leaderboard. For 3 consecutive correct answers player will get bonus 100 marks in total and for 3 consecutive wrong player will get penalty of minus 50 marks from total. If the timer is out then the mcq option will be skipped and player will be asked next question and the skips question will be considered wrong. If one player is finished playing and exits the game then ask other players name and start game for him in the same way. And when he's done playing and chooses exit game then ask other player. Display the highest scores of all the players who have played and keeps it updating as new players enter the game. Also give position to the top 3 players saying that these are the top 3 highest scorers (with their name). Use Raylib for graphics and UI. This game must be navigated through keyboard. It only takes keyboard input and works on choices. In the menu ask player for the choice. Each option of the menu is displayed in a box and text is written in it , text in it will be center aligned. The player name will be asked first, in a box type input bar and then same for the menu choices and same goes for mcq's answer input. Use this #334443 color for overall background of game. Use #34656D this color for each menu choice box. Use #FAEAB1 this color for text in menu choice boxes. Use white color for all player input boxes. Use #1B3C53 this color for input in player input boxes.
Use #E3E3E3 this color for Leaderboard background. Use #1B3C53 this color for player names and scores. Use #08CB00 this color for players number wise(1st,2nd,3rd,...etc)  positions on leaderboard according to their score from highest to lowest. Also use some emojis or cool funny meme stickers in the situations when player loses, wins, gets bonus or gets penalty, gets any top 3 positions. Don't use animations on boxes or menu. Display timer with graphics on the top right of the screen. Display timer in a rectangular box. Use times roman font for mcq questions and option. Use Russo one font for menu choices. Use press start 2p for game name and Leaderboard heading in the leaderboard section. Allign all headings like, Game name, leadeaboard and topics pf quiz in each of its own section in the top mid of the screen and make them uppercase. For player input boxes(player name,answer and menu choice) use sharp edges boxes and for menu choices boxes and timer box use slightly curved edges. 